fix(curriculum): acknowledge tracebacks in cipher project (#54724)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553a7d8d05cbb1ae335a665.md

---
id: 6553a7d8d05cbb1ae335a665
title: Step 45
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-45
---

# --description--

> When the loop reaches the letter `Z`, the sum `index + shift` exceeds the length of the string `alphabet`. At that point the `new_index` in `alphabet[new_index]` is higher than the last index in the string, which is not a valid index so there is an `IndexError` thrown, you can notice that the output in the terminal stops at the space immediately before the `Z`, the last `print` before the error is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the loop reaches the letter `Z`, the sum `index + shift` exceeds the last index of the string `alphabet`. Therefore, `alphabet[new_index]` is trying to use an invalid index, which causes an `IndexError` to be thrown.

You can notice that the output in the terminal stops at the space immediately before the `Z`, the last `print` before the error is thrown.
```
